a = 165 times, 
able = 3 times, 
abominable = 1 times, 
about = 17 times, 
above = 9 times, 
across = 7 times, 
actually = 2 times, 
afraid = 1 times, 
after = 16 times, 
afternoon = 4 times, 
again = 18 times, 
against = 6 times, 
ago = 1 times, 
ahead = 7 times, 
air = 8 times, 
alarming = 1 times, 
alder = 1 times, 
alive = 2 times, 
all = 29 times, 
almost = 9 times, 
alone = 1 times, 
along = 21 times, 
already = 6 times, 
also = 1 times, 
although = 1 times, 
always = 1 times, 
am = 8 times, 
among = 5 times, 
an = 16 times, 
ancient = 3 times, 
and = 298 times, 
anger = 2 times, 
another = 7 times, 
answer = 3 times, 
answered = 1 times, 
anxiety = 1 times, 
any = 12 times, 
anything = 2 times, 
appeared = 3 times, 
apple = 1 times, 
arched = 3 times, 
are = 15 times, 
armies = 1 times, 
arms = 1 times, 
arose = 1 times, 
around = 1 times, 
aroused = 1 times, 
as = 45 times, 
ashes = 2 times, 
aside = 1 times, 
asked = 5 times, 
asleep = 2 times, 
at = 36 times, 
ate = 1 times, 
attack = 1 times, 
attacked = 1 times, 
autumn = 1 times, 
avoiding = 1 times, 
awakening = 1 times, 
aware = 2 times, 
away = 10 times, 
axe = 1 times, 
babbled = 1 times, 
back = 11 times, 
backs = 2 times, 
backwards = 1 times, 
baggage = 2 times, 
bald = 1 times, 
band = 1 times, 
banging = 1 times, 
bank = 6 times, 
banks = 1 times, 
bar = 1 times, 
bare = 2 times, 
bark = 1 times, 
barrow = 2 times, 
bars = 1 times, 
bathe = 1 times, 
battered = 1 times, 
be = 28 times, 
beam = 1 times, 
bear = 1 times, 
beard = 1 times, 
beastly = 1 times, 
beasts = 1 times, 
beat = 1 times, 
became = 6 times, 
beckoning = 1 times, 
become = 2 times, 
bed = 1 times, 
been = 10 times, 
before = 13 times, 
began = 13 times, 
begged = 1 times, 
begin = 4 times, 
beginning = 2 times, 
begun = 1 times, 
behave = 1 times, 
behind = 11 times, 
being = 4 times, 
believe = 2 times, 
bellows = 1 times, 
bells = 1 times, 
below = 2 times, 
bending = 1 times, 
benefit = 1 times, 
bent = 2 times, 
berry = 1 times, 
beside = 1 times, 
better = 2 times, 
between = 2 times, 
bewildered = 1 times, 
beyond = 7 times, 
big = 3 times, 
bits = 1 times, 
black = 1 times, 
blinking = 1 times, 
blocked = 1 times, 
blow = 2 times, 
blowing = 1 times, 
blown = 1 times, 
blue = 4 times, 
bog = 1 times, 
bogey = 1 times, 
boggy = 1 times, 
bogs = 1 times, 
bolger = 2 times, 
bom = 1 times, 
bombadil = 7 times, 
bombadillo = 1 times, 
bonfire = 4 times, 
boots = 1 times, 
bordered = 2 times, 
borders = 2 times, 
both = 2 times, 
bottom = 1 times, 
bough = 1 times, 
boughs = 4 times, 
bound = 2 times, 
boxes = 1 times, 
brambles = 1 times, 
branch = 4 times, 
branched = 1 times, 
branches = 10 times, 
brandywine = 3 times, 
bread = 1 times, 
break = 1 times, 
breakfast = 1 times, 
breaking = 1 times, 
breathlessly = 1 times, 
breeze = 1 times, 
brick = 1 times, 
bright = 3 times, 
brightly = 1 times, 
bringing = 2 times, 
broad = 1 times, 
broadening = 1 times, 
broken = 1 times, 
brook = 2 times, 
brought = 4 times, 
brown = 3 times, 
brushwood = 1 times, 
bucklebury = 1 times, 
budding = 1 times, 
bundles = 1 times, 
burned = 1 times, 
burning = 1 times, 
burst = 3 times, 
bushes = 2 times, 
but = 39 times, 
butter = 1 times, 
buzzing = 2 times, 
by = 12 times, 
bye = 2 times, 
came = 13 times, 
can = 7 times, 
candle = 1 times, 
candles = 1 times, 
cant = 2 times, 
care = 1 times, 
carefully = 3 times, 
carelessly = 1 times, 
carried = 1 times, 
carrier = 1 times, 
catch = 1 times, 
caught = 4 times, 
cavern = 1 times, 
ceased = 1 times, 
centre = 1 times, 
challenging = 1 times, 
change = 1 times, 
charging = 1 times, 
charming = 1 times, 
chattering = 1 times, 
cheered = 1 times, 
cheerful = 2 times, 
cheerfully = 1 times, 
chin = 1 times, 
chink = 1 times, 
choice = 1 times, 
choked = 1 times, 
chopped = 1 times, 
chopping = 1 times, 
chorus = 1 times, 
chosen = 1 times, 
circle = 1 times, 
circular = 1 times, 
clambered = 1 times, 
clamour = 1 times, 
clang = 1 times, 
clear = 9 times, 
clearer = 2 times, 
clearing = 1 times, 
cleft = 1 times, 
click = 1 times, 
clicked = 1 times, 
cliff = 2 times, 
climb = 2 times, 
climbed = 1 times, 
climbing = 4 times, 
clipped = 1 times, 
close = 6 times, 
closed = 4 times, 
closes = 1 times, 
closing = 1 times, 
cloudy = 1 times, 
coat = 1 times, 
cobwebs = 1 times, 
cold = 3 times, 
come = 14 times, 
comes = 4 times, 
coming = 1 times, 
compelling = 1 times, 
complete = 1 times, 
constantly = 1 times, 
content = 1 times, 
continued = 1 times, 
cool = 4 times, 
coughed = 1 times, 
could = 23 times, 
country = 1 times, 
course = 1 times, 
cow = 1 times, 
crack = 7 times, 
crackled = 1 times, 
cracks = 2 times, 
crash = 1 times, 
creak = 1 times, 
creaked = 2 times, 
creaking = 1 times, 
cream = 1 times, 
creased = 1 times, 
creeping = 1 times, 
crickhollow = 1 times, 
cried = 11 times, 
crossed = 1 times, 
crowded = 1 times, 
crown = 2 times, 
crush = 1 times, 
cry = 1 times, 
crying = 1 times, 
curl = 1 times, 
curtain = 1 times, 
cut = 3 times, 
cutting = 2 times, 
damp = 2 times, 
dancing = 2 times, 
danger = 1 times, 
dangerous = 1 times, 
dare = 1 times, 
dark = 12 times, 
darker = 2 times, 
darkness = 1 times, 
darling = 1 times, 
daughter = 2 times, 
day = 7 times, 
daylight = 2 times, 
dazzled = 1 times, 
dead = 1 times, 
decided = 1 times, 
deep = 9 times, 
deepening = 1 times, 
deeper = 2 times, 
delighted = 1 times, 
denser = 1 times, 
deny = 1 times, 
depressed = 1 times, 
derry = 3 times, 
descend = 1 times, 
desire = 1 times, 
despair = 1 times, 
desperate = 1 times, 
dew = 2 times, 
did = 6 times, 
difficult = 3 times, 
difficulty = 1 times, 
dig = 1 times, 
dillo = 1 times, 
dim = 1 times, 
dipped = 1 times, 
direction = 5 times, 
directions = 1 times, 
directly = 1 times, 
disappeared = 3 times, 
disapproval = 1 times, 
discovered = 2 times, 
discussion = 1 times, 
dislike = 1 times, 
distance = 6 times, 
distant = 1 times, 
disused = 1 times, 
dived = 1 times, 
do = 14 times, 
does = 2 times, 
dol = 8 times, 
dong = 2 times, 
dont = 12 times, 
door = 5 times, 
doorstep = 1 times, 
dot = 2 times, 
doubt = 1 times, 
doubtfully = 1 times, 
down = 31 times, 
downhill = 1 times, 
downs = 4 times, 
downwards = 2 times, 
dragged = 2 times, 
dragonets = 1 times, 
drawn = 1 times, 
dreadful = 1 times, 
dream = 2 times, 
dreaming = 1 times, 
dreams = 1 times, 
dreary = 1 times, 
drew = 4 times, 
drier = 1 times, 
drink = 3 times, 
drip = 1 times, 
dripping = 1 times, 
drop = 1 times, 
dropped = 1 times, 
drowned = 1 times, 
drowsy = 1 times, 
dry = 3 times, 
dusk = 1 times, 
each = 4 times, 
ears = 2 times, 
earth = 1 times, 
east = 7 times, 
eastern = 2 times, 
eastward = 2 times, 
eastwards = 2 times, 
easy = 1 times, 
eat = 1 times, 
eaves = 1 times, 
echo = 1 times, 
edge = 6 times, 
edges = 3 times, 
effort = 1 times, 
eh = 1 times, 
either = 4 times, 
eleven = 1 times, 
else = 1 times, 
enchanted = 1 times, 
encircling = 1 times, 
enclosing = 1 times, 
encourage = 1 times, 
encouraged = 1 times, 
end = 4 times, 
ended = 1 times, 
ending = 1 times, 
enmity = 1 times, 
enormous = 1 times, 
enough = 7 times, 
even = 3 times, 
evening = 2 times, 
eventually = 1 times, 
ever = 3 times, 
every = 4 times, 
everything = 3 times, 
everywhere = 1 times, 
evidently = 1 times, 
except = 1 times, 
expect = 1 times, 
expected = 1 times, 
explore = 1 times, 
eyes = 4 times, 
face = 1 times, 
faces = 2 times, 
fact = 1 times, 
faded = 5 times, 
fail = 2 times, 
failing = 1 times, 
faint = 2 times, 
fainter = 1 times, 
faintly = 1 times, 
fair = 1 times, 
fairly = 2 times, 
fal = 1 times, 
fall = 4 times, 
fallen = 2 times, 
falling = 5 times, 
far = 19 times, 
fashion = 1 times, 
fast = 6 times, 
fatty = 4 times, 
fear = 2 times, 
fears = 1 times, 
feather = 2 times, 
feathered = 1 times, 
feel = 5 times, 
feeling = 2 times, 
feet = 9 times, 
fell = 9 times, 
fellows = 2 times, 
felt = 10 times, 
fetch = 1 times, 
fields = 1 times, 
fiercely = 1 times, 
fighting = 1 times, 
filed = 1 times, 
filled = 1 times, 
find = 5 times, 
finds = 1 times, 
fingered = 1 times, 
fingers = 1 times, 
fire = 4 times, 
firewood = 2 times, 
firm = 1 times, 
firs = 1 times, 
first = 3 times, 
fissures = 1 times, 
five = 1 times, 
flame = 1 times, 
flecked = 1 times, 
fledge = 1 times, 
flies = 3 times, 
floating = 1 times, 
floor = 1 times, 
flowed = 3 times, 
flowing = 1 times, 
flows = 1 times, 
fluffy = 1 times, 
flurry = 1 times, 
fluttering = 3 times, 
foam = 1 times, 
fog = 1 times, 
foggy = 1 times, 
fold = 3 times, 
folds = 1 times, 
follow = 7 times, 
followed = 2 times, 
following = 2 times, 
fond = 1 times, 
foot = 3 times, 
footpath = 1 times, 
for = 32 times, 
forbiddingly = 1 times, 
forced = 1 times, 
forest = 26 times, 
forget = 1 times, 
formed = 1 times, 
forward = 10 times, 
forwards = 1 times, 
foul = 1 times, 
found = 9 times, 
four = 1 times, 
fowls = 1 times, 
frantically = 1 times, 
fredegar = 2 times, 
freeze = 1 times, 
friends = 2 times, 
frighten = 1 times, 
frodo = 27 times, 
from = 24 times, 
front = 4 times, 
fun = 1 times, 
further = 5 times, 
furtive = 1 times, 
gandalf = 1 times, 
gaped = 1 times, 
gaping = 1 times, 
garden = 1 times, 
gate = 4 times, 
gathered = 1 times, 
gave = 4 times, 
gazed = 1 times, 
gentle = 2 times, 
gently = 3 times, 
get = 6 times, 
getting = 4 times, 
giant = 1 times, 
give = 2 times, 
glad = 2 times, 
glade = 5 times, 
glancing = 1 times, 
gleam = 1 times, 
gleaming = 1 times, 
glimmer = 1 times, 
glimpse = 1 times, 
glimpsed = 2 times, 
glinting = 1 times, 
glistening = 1 times, 
glittering = 1 times, 
gloom = 1 times, 
gloomed = 1 times, 
gnarled = 3 times, 
gnaw = 1 times, 
go = 13 times, 
goblins = 1 times, 
goes = 3 times, 
going = 15 times, 
goldberry = 3 times, 
golden = 2 times, 
gone = 2 times, 
good = 9 times, 
got = 6 times, 
grasp = 1 times, 
grass = 10 times, 
grasses = 2 times, 
grassy = 1 times, 
great = 13 times, 
greatly = 1 times, 
green = 4 times, 
greener = 1 times, 
greet = 1 times, 
grew = 5 times, 
grey = 9 times, 
gripped = 2 times, 
groped = 1 times, 
groping = 1 times, 
ground = 12 times, 
growing = 1 times, 
growths = 1 times, 
guessed = 1 times, 
gullies = 1 times, 
gully = 1 times, 
had = 37 times, 
hair = 1 times, 
half = 7 times, 
halloo = 1 times, 
halted = 3 times, 
hand = 5 times, 
hands = 3 times, 
hanging = 1 times, 
happen = 1 times, 
happily = 1 times, 
hardly = 3 times, 
hark = 1 times, 
harm = 1 times, 
has = 1 times, 
hat = 1 times, 
hatchet = 2 times, 
hauled = 1 times, 
have = 15 times, 
havent = 2 times, 
having = 1 times, 
haysend = 1 times, 
haze = 1 times, 
hazy = 1 times, 
he = 67 times, 
head = 4 times, 
headed = 1 times, 
heading = 1 times, 
heads = 3 times, 
heaped = 1 times, 
hear = 4 times, 
heard = 6 times, 
hearing = 1 times, 
heart = 3 times, 
hearties = 1 times, 
heather = 1 times, 
heavy = 6 times, 
hedge = 11 times, 
heed = 1 times, 
heedless = 1 times, 
held = 1 times, 
hell = 1 times, 
help = 5 times, 
hem = 1 times, 
hemlocks = 1 times, 
here = 7 times, 
hey = 7 times, 
hidden = 2 times, 
high = 5 times, 
higher = 1 times, 
hill = 9 times, 
hills = 1 times, 
hillside = 2 times, 
him = 21 times, 
himself = 5 times, 
his = 33 times, 
hiss = 1 times, 
hoary = 2 times, 
hobbit = 2 times, 
hobbits = 13 times, 
holding = 2 times, 
hollow = 4 times, 
hollows = 1 times, 
home = 3 times, 
honeycomb = 1 times, 
hoofs = 1 times, 
hop = 4 times, 
hope = 2 times, 
hoped = 1 times, 
hopeful = 1 times, 
hopefully = 2 times, 
hopping = 3 times, 
horizon = 1 times, 
hot = 4 times, 
hour = 2 times, 
house = 5 times, 
how = 3 times, 
however = 1 times, 
huge = 1 times, 
hundred = 2 times, 
hundreds = 2 times, 
hung = 2 times, 
hurried = 2 times, 
hurry = 3 times, 
hurt = 1 times, 
i = 43 times, 
idea = 3 times, 
if = 25 times, 
ill = 1 times, 
impossible = 1 times, 
in = 78 times, 
indeed = 1 times, 
innumerable = 1 times, 
inside = 6 times, 
intended = 1 times, 
interlacing = 1 times, 
into = 32 times, 
inwards = 1 times, 
iron = 1 times, 
is = 27 times, 
island = 2 times, 
it = 94 times, 
its = 5 times, 
itself = 1 times, 
jacket = 1 times, 
jaws = 1 times, 
join = 1 times, 
jolly = 1 times, 
just = 9 times, 
kick = 1 times, 
kicked = 3 times, 
kind = 1 times, 
kindle = 1 times, 
kindled = 1 times, 
kinds = 1 times, 
knees = 1 times, 
knew = 1 times, 
knobbly = 1 times, 
knoll = 1 times, 
knotted = 1 times, 
know = 5 times, 
laden = 2 times, 
lady = 1 times, 
laid = 2 times, 
lain = 1 times, 
lal = 1 times, 
land = 4 times, 
lands = 1 times, 
language = 1 times, 
large = 3 times, 
last = 4 times, 
lasts = 1 times, 
late = 2 times, 
laughing = 1 times, 
laughter = 2 times, 
lay = 8 times, 
lazily = 1 times, 
lead = 2 times, 
leaden = 1 times, 
leading = 4 times, 
leaf = 3 times, 
leaned = 1 times, 
leaning = 2 times, 
leaped = 1 times, 
leaping = 2 times, 
least = 4 times, 
leave = 2 times, 
leaves = 12 times, 
leaving = 1 times, 
led = 3 times, 
leered = 1 times, 
left = 10 times, 
legend = 1 times, 
legs = 5 times, 
length = 2 times, 
less = 3 times, 
let = 10 times, 
level = 1 times, 
licked = 1 times, 
lie = 1 times, 
lies = 1 times, 
lifted = 1 times, 
lifting = 1 times, 
light = 10 times, 
lights = 2 times, 
like = 19 times, 
lilies = 7 times, 
line = 5 times, 
lines = 1 times, 
lip = 1 times, 
listened = 1 times, 
lit = 1 times, 
little = 9 times, 
living = 1 times, 
lo = 2 times, 
lock = 2 times, 
long = 16 times, 
longer = 2 times, 
looked = 7 times, 
looking = 4 times, 
looming = 1 times, 
lop = 1 times, 
lose = 2 times, 
lost = 2 times, 
loud = 5 times, 
loudly = 1 times, 
loved = 1 times, 
low = 1 times, 
luck = 1 times, 
lucky = 1 times, 
luggage = 1 times, 
lush = 1 times, 
lying = 1 times, 
made = 8 times, 
make = 3 times, 
makes = 1 times, 
making = 3 times, 
man = 7 times, 
many = 4 times, 
march = 1 times, 
marrow = 1 times, 
master = 1 times, 
matted = 1 times, 
matter = 1 times, 
may = 1 times, 
me = 10 times, 
meal = 1 times, 
mean = 3 times, 
meet = 2 times, 
menace = 1 times, 
mended = 1 times, 
merely = 1 times, 
merrily = 1 times, 
merry = 36 times, 
met = 1 times, 
mid = 1 times, 
midst = 2 times, 
might = 5 times, 
miles = 1 times, 
minds = 1 times, 
mingled = 1 times, 
minute = 2 times, 
misleading = 1 times, 
mist = 4 times, 
mists = 3 times, 
moats = 1 times, 
moisture = 1 times, 
moment = 2 times, 
moon = 1 times, 
more = 13 times, 
morning = 2 times, 
moss = 1 times, 
most = 4 times, 
mountain = 1 times, 
mounted = 1 times, 
mouth = 2 times, 
move = 1 times, 
moved = 2 times, 
movement = 1 times, 
moving = 1 times, 
mown = 1 times, 
mr = 2 times, 
much = 5 times, 
muffled = 2 times, 
murmur = 2 times, 
must = 9 times, 
muttered = 1 times, 
my = 8 times, 
nameless = 1 times, 
nap = 2 times, 
naught = 1 times, 
near = 3 times, 
nearly = 1 times, 
need = 1 times, 
neither = 1 times, 
netted = 1 times, 
nettles = 1 times, 
never = 1 times, 
new = 2 times, 
news = 1 times, 
night = 5 times, 
no = 16 times, 
nod = 1 times, 
noise = 4 times, 
noises = 3 times, 
noisy = 1 times, 
nonsense = 2 times, 
nonsensically = 1 times, 
noon = 1 times, 
nor = 1 times, 
north = 1 times, 
northward = 5 times, 
not = 36 times, 
nothing = 2 times, 
noticed = 2 times, 
notion = 1 times, 
now = 23 times, 
nurses = 1 times, 
o = 3 times, 
oaks = 1 times, 
occasional = 1 times, 
occasionally = 2 times, 
oclock = 2 times, 
of = 153 times, 
off = 10 times, 
often = 1 times, 
oi = 2 times, 
old = 15 times, 
ominous = 2 times, 
on = 54 times, 
once = 4 times, 
one = 12 times, 
ones = 1 times, 
only = 9 times, 
open = 10 times, 
opened = 1 times, 
opening = 2 times, 
opposite = 1 times, 
or = 32 times, 
other = 14 times, 
others = 7 times, 
our = 3 times, 
out = 47 times, 
outside = 2 times, 
outwards = 1 times, 
over = 15 times, 
overhanging = 1 times, 
overhung = 1 times, 
overpowering = 1 times, 
overshadowed = 1 times, 
overwhelming = 1 times, 
own = 2 times, 
paddled = 1 times, 
pain = 1 times, 
pair = 1 times, 
pale = 2 times, 
panes = 1 times, 
parsley = 1 times, 
part = 1 times, 
parties = 1 times, 
pass = 2 times, 
passed = 4 times, 
passing = 1 times, 
past = 2 times, 
path = 30 times, 
paths = 1 times, 
peered = 1 times, 
people = 1 times, 
perceptible = 1 times, 
picked = 2 times, 
picking = 1 times, 
pile = 2 times, 
pincers = 1 times, 
pines = 1 times, 
pippin = 13 times, 
place = 2 times, 
places = 4 times, 
plain = 1 times, 
planted = 1 times, 
plants = 1 times, 
plodded = 1 times, 
plots = 1 times, 
point = 1 times, 
pointed = 2 times, 
pointing = 1 times, 
points = 1 times, 
ponies = 11 times, 
pony = 1 times, 
pool = 1 times, 
pools = 1 times, 
poor = 2 times, 
possible = 2 times, 
possibly = 1 times, 
present = 1 times, 
pressing = 1 times, 
pretty = 1 times, 
prevented = 1 times, 
prisoners = 1 times, 
propose = 1 times, 
proved = 1 times, 
puffed = 1 times, 
puffing = 1 times, 
pull = 1 times, 
pulled = 1 times, 
pushed = 1 times, 
put = 5 times, 
queer = 4 times, 
queerest = 1 times, 
queerness = 1 times, 
questions = 1 times, 
quick = 1 times, 
quicker = 1 times, 
quickly = 2 times, 
quiet = 1 times, 
quietly = 2 times, 
quite = 4 times, 
rain = 1 times, 
rampant = 1 times, 
ran = 8 times, 
rapidly = 2 times, 
rate = 2 times, 
reached = 2 times, 
reaching = 1 times, 
ready = 2 times, 
really = 1 times, 
reappeared = 2 times, 
receive = 1 times, 
red = 1 times, 
reeds = 6 times, 
regretted = 1 times, 
relented = 1 times, 
relief = 1 times, 
relieved = 1 times, 
reluctant = 1 times, 
reluctantly = 1 times, 
replaced = 1 times, 
reported = 1 times, 
reputation = 1 times, 
rescuing = 1 times, 
rest = 3 times, 
riding = 2 times, 
right = 8 times, 
rills = 1 times, 
rind = 1 times, 
ring = 2 times, 
ripe = 1 times, 
ripples = 1 times, 
rise = 1 times, 
rising = 7 times, 
river = 11 times, 
riverward = 1 times, 
road = 3 times, 
roads = 1 times, 
roasting = 1 times, 
rode = 3 times, 
rolled = 1 times, 
roof = 2 times, 
room = 1 times, 
root = 6 times, 
roots = 6 times, 
rose = 4 times, 
rough = 1 times, 
round = 10 times, 
rousing = 1 times, 
running = 4 times, 
rushed = 1 times, 
rushes = 1 times, 
rushing = 1 times, 
rustled = 1 times, 
rustling = 2 times, 
ruts = 1 times, 
saddle = 1 times, 
said = 26 times, 
sam = 18 times, 
sank = 1 times, 
sat = 2 times, 
saw = 5 times, 
say = 3 times, 
saying = 2 times, 
says = 1 times, 
scorched = 1 times, 
scored = 1 times, 
scrambled = 1 times, 
scrambling = 1 times, 
scratched = 1 times, 
scream = 1 times, 
sea = 1 times, 
see = 16 times, 
seeding = 1 times, 
seeing = 1 times, 
seem = 1 times, 
seemed = 29 times, 
seems = 2 times, 
seen = 2 times, 
seized = 1 times, 
sense = 1 times, 
set = 2 times, 
setting = 2 times, 
settling = 1 times, 
several = 1 times, 
shade = 1 times, 
shadowed = 1 times, 
shadows = 2 times, 
shadowy = 1 times, 
shady = 1 times, 
shaggy = 1 times, 
shaken = 1 times, 
shall = 4 times, 
shapes = 2 times, 
sharply = 1 times, 
shaven = 2 times, 
shed = 1 times, 
shift = 2 times, 
shine = 1 times, 
shining = 2 times, 
shire = 2 times, 
shiver = 1 times, 
shores = 1 times, 
short = 3 times, 
should = 5 times, 
shoulder = 1 times, 
shoulders = 1 times, 
shouldnt = 1 times, 
shout = 2 times, 
shouted = 2 times, 
show = 1 times, 
shrill = 1 times, 
shudder = 1 times, 
shut = 2 times, 
side = 18 times, 
sides = 2 times, 
sight = 3 times, 
sign = 1 times, 
silence = 2 times, 
silent = 1 times, 
silently = 1 times, 
silver = 2 times, 
simply = 2 times, 
sing = 6 times, 
singing = 10 times, 
sinister = 1 times, 
sink = 1 times, 
sinks = 1 times, 
sit = 1 times, 
six = 1 times, 
sizes = 1 times, 
sky = 5 times, 
slanting = 1 times, 
sleep = 7 times, 
sleepiness = 2 times, 
sleepy = 1 times, 
slender = 2 times, 
slimy = 1 times, 
slope = 2 times, 
slopes = 2 times, 
sloping = 1 times, 
slopped = 1 times, 
slowing = 1 times, 
slowly = 1 times, 
sluggard = 1 times, 
slumber = 1 times, 
slumping = 1 times, 
small = 2 times, 
smoke = 2 times, 
smooth = 3 times, 
smote = 1 times, 
snap = 1 times, 
snick = 1 times, 
so = 14 times, 
soft = 3 times, 
softly = 3 times, 
solid = 2 times, 
some = 8 times, 
somehow = 1 times, 
someone = 2 times, 
something = 5 times, 
song = 9 times, 
soon = 13 times, 
sort = 2 times, 
sound = 8 times, 
sounder = 1 times, 
south = 3 times, 
southern = 1 times, 
southwards = 1 times, 
space = 3 times, 
spark = 1 times, 
sparks = 1 times, 
speak = 1 times, 
speed = 1 times, 
speedy = 1 times, 
spell = 1 times, 
spinney = 1 times, 
splash = 1 times, 
split = 1 times, 
spluttered = 1 times, 
spoke = 1 times, 
sprang = 2 times, 
sprawling = 1 times, 
spreading = 1 times, 
spring = 1 times, 
springs = 1 times, 
squat = 1 times, 
squeeze = 1 times, 
squeezed = 1 times, 
staggered = 1 times, 
stalked = 1 times, 
stalky = 1 times, 
stammered = 1 times, 
stamped = 1 times, 
stand = 1 times, 
standing = 1 times, 
standstill = 1 times, 
starlight = 1 times, 
starling = 1 times, 
starry = 1 times, 
stars = 2 times, 
start = 1 times, 
startled = 1 times, 
steadily = 5 times, 
steady = 1 times, 
steam = 2 times, 
steep = 3 times, 
steeply = 1 times, 
stem = 1 times, 
stems = 2 times, 
step = 3 times, 
stepped = 1 times, 
stick = 1 times, 
sticking = 1 times, 
sticks = 1 times, 
stiff = 2 times, 
still = 14 times, 
stir = 1 times, 
stole = 1 times, 
stone = 2 times, 
stood = 7 times, 
stooping = 1 times, 
stop = 1 times, 
stopped = 3 times, 
stories = 4 times, 
straddled = 1 times, 
straight = 2 times, 
straining = 1 times, 
strange = 2 times, 
strangers = 2 times, 
stray = 1 times, 
stream = 2 times, 
strength = 1 times, 
stretched = 1 times, 
strike = 1 times, 
string = 1 times, 
strip = 1 times, 
strong = 1 times, 
stronger = 1 times, 
struck = 3 times, 
struggled = 2 times, 
struggling = 1 times, 
stuck = 1 times, 
stuffy = 1 times, 
stumbled = 1 times, 
stumbling = 3 times, 
stupidly = 1 times, 
sturdy = 1 times, 
succeed = 1 times, 
such = 1 times, 
sudden = 2 times, 
suddenly = 16 times, 
suggested = 1 times, 
sun = 12 times, 
sunken = 1 times, 
sunlight = 2 times, 
sunlit = 1 times, 
sunshine = 2 times, 
supper = 1 times, 
suppose = 2 times, 
sure = 1 times, 
surface = 1 times, 
surprise = 1 times, 
surprised = 1 times, 
surround = 1 times, 
suspicious = 1 times, 
swam = 1 times, 
sway = 1 times, 
swayed = 2 times, 
sweep = 1 times, 
swift = 1 times, 
swiftly = 2 times, 
table = 2 times, 
take = 1 times, 
taken = 1 times, 
talk = 1 times, 
talking = 2 times, 
tall = 5 times, 
taller = 1 times, 
tangled = 1 times, 
tearing = 1 times, 
tell = 3 times, 
tended = 1 times, 
than = 10 times, 
thank = 1 times, 
that = 67 times, 
the = 460 times, 
their = 33 times, 
them = 50 times, 
themselves = 6 times, 
then = 21 times, 
there = 46 times, 
these = 5 times, 
they = 113 times, 
thick = 6 times, 
thicker = 2 times, 
thin = 1 times, 
thing = 1 times, 
things = 6 times, 
think = 1 times, 
thinking = 1 times, 
thinner = 2 times, 
this = 17 times, 
thistles = 1 times, 
though = 10 times, 
thought = 6 times, 
thousands = 1 times, 
threatening = 1 times, 
threshold = 1 times, 
threw = 1 times, 
through = 16 times, 
thud = 1 times, 
till = 1 times, 
time = 8 times, 
tinder = 2 times, 
tip = 1 times, 
tipped = 1 times, 
tired = 1 times, 
to = 143 times, 
today = 1 times, 
together = 3 times, 
told = 1 times, 
tom = 17 times, 
too = 5 times, 
took = 2 times, 
top = 4 times, 
toppled = 1 times, 
tops = 1 times, 
towards = 4 times, 
track = 2 times, 
tracks = 1 times, 
trailer = 1 times, 
trapped = 1 times, 
tray = 1 times, 
tree = 23 times, 
treeless = 1 times, 
trees = 33 times, 
tremor = 1 times, 
trickled = 1 times, 
tried = 1 times, 
trim = 1 times, 
trouble = 1 times, 
troublesome = 1 times, 
true = 1 times, 
trunk = 4 times, 
trunks = 3 times, 
trust = 1 times, 
try = 2 times, 
tuck = 1 times, 
tune = 1 times, 
tunnel = 4 times, 
turf = 3 times, 
turn = 3 times, 
turned = 4 times, 
twice = 1 times, 
twig = 1 times, 
twigs = 2 times, 
twilight = 1 times, 
twinkle = 1 times, 
twinkling = 1 times, 
twisted = 4 times, 
two = 5 times, 
unaccountably = 1 times, 
uncanny = 1 times, 
uncertain = 1 times, 
uncomfortable = 1 times, 
under = 10 times, 
undergrowth = 2 times, 
understood = 1 times, 
unexpectedly = 1 times, 
unfriendly = 2 times, 
unhindered = 1 times, 
unintelligible = 1 times, 
unlocked = 1 times, 
unreal = 1 times, 
until = 3 times, 
up = 31 times, 
upon = 6 times, 
upwards = 2 times, 
us = 8 times, 
use = 1 times, 
used = 1 times, 
useless = 1 times, 
usually = 2 times, 
valley = 6 times, 
vanished = 2 times, 
various = 1 times, 
veered = 1 times, 
veiled = 1 times, 
very = 9 times, 
view = 2 times, 
violently = 1 times, 
voice = 8 times, 
waist = 1 times, 
wait = 3 times, 
waiting = 3 times, 
wake = 1 times, 
waking = 1 times, 
wall = 2 times, 
walls = 1 times, 
wand = 1 times, 
wandered = 2 times, 
wanderers = 1 times, 
want = 1 times, 
warm = 3 times, 
warning = 1 times, 
was = 78 times, 
watch = 2 times, 
watched = 1 times, 
watchful = 1 times, 
water = 15 times, 
waters = 1 times, 
wave = 1 times, 
way = 16 times, 
we = 23 times, 
weariness = 1 times, 
wearing = 1 times, 
wearisome = 1 times, 
weather = 2 times, 
weed = 1 times, 
weedy = 1 times, 
weight = 1 times, 
well = 6 times, 
welling = 1 times, 
went = 11 times, 
were = 37 times, 
west = 4 times, 
what = 15 times, 
wheels = 1 times, 
when = 7 times, 
whenever = 2 times, 
where = 11 times, 
which = 12 times, 
while = 6 times, 
whispered = 2 times, 
whispering = 2 times, 
whistle = 1 times, 
white = 5 times, 
who = 4 times, 
whoa = 2 times, 
whole = 3 times, 
why = 3 times, 
wide = 10 times, 
widening = 1 times, 
wider = 1 times, 
wildly = 1 times, 
will = 15 times, 
willow = 18 times, 
willows = 4 times, 
wind = 7 times, 
winding = 3 times, 
windle = 2 times, 
window = 1 times, 
windows = 1 times, 
wish = 2 times, 
wished = 1 times, 
wisps = 1 times, 
with = 49 times, 
without = 6 times, 
withy = 2 times, 
withywindle = 5 times, 
witless = 1 times, 
woke = 2 times, 
wolves = 1 times, 
woman = 1 times, 
wonder = 2 times, 
wont = 1 times, 
wood = 12 times, 
woods = 3 times, 
word = 1 times, 
words = 6 times, 
work = 1 times, 
worried = 1 times, 
worse = 2 times, 
would = 1 times, 
wouldnt = 1 times, 
wound = 2 times, 
wrinkles = 1 times, 
writhing = 1 times, 
yard = 1 times, 
yards = 1 times, 
yawned = 1 times, 
yawning = 2 times, 
yell = 1 times, 
yellow = 7 times, 
yet = 4 times, 
yield = 1 times, 
you = 38 times, 
young = 1 times, 
your = 2 times, 
